Update data_project template after adding configurations. (#29)
snowflakedb/snowflake-cli-templates: data_project/README.md

>     * what files should be included in the version creation process. In the `include_definitions` list you can:

Reviewer: You can say that each list item is a Java Regex. Check this link for the reference: https://docs.snowflake.com/LIMITEDACCESS/data-projects/manage-data-projects#project-manifest-file

>     * what files should be included in the version creation process. In the `include_definitions` list you can:
>       * include a specific file by passing its relative path to the root of the project, e.g. `definitions/account_objects.sql`
>       * include all files from a specific directory, e.g. `definitions/.*`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * what files should be included in the version creation process. In the `include_definitions` list, you can pass items that are Java regex patterns. The default value is `- definitions/.*`, meaning that all files in the `definitions` folder and its subfolders will be included.
```

>     * list of configurations that allow users to use templating in definition files. Definition files (templates) are rendered as Jinja2 variables during the project execution process. Each configuration contains a set of key-value pairs, e.g. `example_db_name: "db1"`

Reviewer: Maybe it's better to link to [the docs](https://docs.snowflake.com/LIMITEDACCESS/data-projects/manage-data-projects#project-manifest-file) instead of repeating the same information. The description may misalign.
